Let's get one thing straight. Princess
treatment is not some kind of luxury.
It's also not some bonus level of love.
It's the baseline, the actual bare
minimum. And if it doesn't feel natural
for a man to give that to you, this
should disgust you and not excite you.
Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. My
name is Michaela and today I'm going to
talk about why the princess treatment is
the actual bare minimum and how you can
higher your standard. Let's get into
this. First of all, I want you to shift
from princess treatment being a reward
to seeing princess treatment as the
simple entry ticket to your life. If a
man thinks that you have to earn
princess treatment, you have to prove
yourself for him to treat you well, to
respect you, to provide for you, to take
care of you, to love you, to create that
safety and consistency in your
relationship, he's already disqualified.
When a man truly sees your value, his
instinct is to step up and provide for
you without any hesitation. You need to
understand that princess treatment is
actually your soil is your safety for
your softness to actually exist. You can
only be soft and feminine in an
environment that is safe for you to do
so. In an environment where you are
being appreciated, loved and someone is
consistent with you. If a man is not
consistent with you, it creates in you
in your body uncertainty. It creates
stress in your body and all your body
can do is give stress to that man. Men
don't like stress. Men are turned off by
stress. So when a man is actually not
giving you that princess treatment, your
natural response as a woman is to give
that man stress because you do not feel
safe in that relationship. You do not
feel safe with him as a man. And my ex
told me that I have to be first soft so
he can be consistent, so he can create
safety for me, so he can provide for me.
This is absolute BS. And if you have
ever heard this, you need to listen
closely. When a man is asking you to
stretch forward your softness, he is
deep down asking you to lead the
relationship and be the man in the
relationship. He's asking you to step
into the provider role because he wants
you to provide first with softness. You
need to provide first to be soft and to
prove me that I can take care of you,
that you're not running away. That's not
how it works. Yes, you should appreciate
when he steps up. Yes, you should be
grateful for everything he does, but it
doesn't mean that you glorify his basic
effort. Basic effort does not guarantee
a man access to your life, access to
your body, access to you as a person and
your soul. A man that is asking you to
give your softness first. He doesn't
look for a partner. He doesn't look for
a wife. He looks for a mom. He wants to
be motherthered. He wants to have that
warm caution where he can lie and where
he can rest and where he can feel safe
without actually being a man, without
actually proving himself, without
actually stepping up as the man that he
should be. He's still a boy and he's
looking for a mom. The reason why this
should be your entry ticket to your life
is because those type of men, they don't
only want to be mothered, they keep
weakening their own masculinity, which
means they will never grow up with you
on their side. They will never be able
to step into their masculine power
because you keep being there and
mothering him. You keep accepting less
than princess treatment and less than
princess treatment is less than the bare
minimum. You keep accepting a man that
is only taking from you. And with taking
from you, I'm not talking about money.
Even though many women they even provide
for their men with money, with
resources, with housing and so on. If
providing as a woman, I mean nurturing,
giving energy, giving care,
communication, being soft, being there
for a man. Many times women are
downplaying themselves and they think,
"Oh, but I'm not giving anything. I'm
not giving him money. I'm not providing
anything." You're providing everything.
You are providing with your softness,
with your energy, with who you are as a
woman. Men live from feminine energy and
you as a woman more or less have
feminine energy. You always have
something that the man is looking for.
Otherwise, he would not be with you. He
would not try to convince you to stay
with him without him stepping up as a
man. You need to understand that your
time is so valuable. And every minute,
every second that you keep wasting on a
man that is not stepping up in his
masculinity, that is not actually
wanting and conquering you, you are
wasting precious time. You are wasting
the most valuable thing in your life.
Have you ever heard a man saying that a
woman's value lowers the older she gets?
the more time she has in her life. Many
men are saying that but at the same time
they are the ones wasting our time,
wasting our best years of our life
because all they think about is how and
what they can take from you. They want
your nurturing. They want your care.
They want your softness. They want your
spirituality.
Believe me, a man would do anything just
to talk to you, just to spend time next
to you because unconsciously or
consciously, they are feeding and living
off a woman's energy. Try to remove your
energy completely from one man in your
life and see what's happening. This man
is going to go insane. He might starts
off with not reaching out to you for a
while. But if you keep the distance and
you're not reaching out, after a while,
he will start to reach out. And in a
way, you cannot even imagine. He's going
to call you. He's going to text you. And
even though you open the message and you
won't reply, he will be thinking he
needs to do more to get your attention.
A woman would be thinking that's not
worth my time if he is not showing me
any appreciation, any effort. A man is
thinking, what can I do to get her
attention? All he wants is your freaking
attention, is your energy. Try it out
once and let me know how it was going
because I can guarantee you from my
personal experience with male friends,
ex-boyfriends, with men I dated. Try to
remove completely your attention without
saying a word. Remove attention and
energy completely and see what's going
to happen. And if that's not answer
enough for you to understand the value
of your time, of your presence alone
without you moving even the smallest
finger. You can thank me later. With
this video, I want you to understand
your true value and the value of your
time. Because so many times, as I
already said, women downplay themselves.
They think they have nothing to offer. I
thought, I have nothing to offer. I need
to do more. I need to help out more. I
need to reach out more. I need to prove
that I am worth his time. But that's
completely
BS. You have to stop thinking that you
need to do something to be worthy
because you are already so worthy
without doing anything. I'm not saying
don't do anything and be an absolute be.
Be be arrogant. Be unfriendly. No,
that's not what I'm saying. But I'm
saying stop downplaying yourself. see
the value of your time and your presence
and stop entertaining men that won't
give you the bare minimum. And the bare
minimum is princess treatment. A woman
can truly only relax into her feminine
when she is with a man that is leading
and building and creating that soil for
her. when a man has built the foundation
for it. A foundation strong enough to
hold her with all of her emotions, her
imperfections, her not so beautiful
sides, but as well her beautiful sides,
her soft sides, her feminine side. And
without that foundation, you as a woman
will always take on both roles, the role
of the masculine and the role of the
feminine. And you will always feel
drained. You cannot fulfill both roles.
Even though some single moms have to do
it. It's not meant to be like that.
You're not meant to take on both roles.
Especially with a man on your side. If
you have a man on your side and you are
the one playing both roles, playing the
masculine and playing the feminine, what
is the man doing in your life? Why is he
here? A man that has no resources is
literally useless. Because a man that
cannot build an empire, that cannot
build a business, that cannot build even
safety for himself, he can also not
create safety for you. And it shows in
money. If a grown adult man has not
found a way to make money, something is
wrong. He is incapable of doing so or he
has not learned it yet. And you are not
his mom. you're not responsible to teach
him how to do it. There might be some
exceptions where a woman meets a man and
she's helping him and supporting him to
grow his business to become successful.
But usually those couples they met when
they are very young. You don't meet a
grown adult man 30 and older that has
not yet figured out how to take care of
himself, how to make money by himself,
how to build an empire, how to build
something in his life to create safety
without him being incapable of doing so.
I don't want to sound harsh and if you
call me now a gold digger, then I am a
gold digger. If you have gold to dig,
let me dig your gold. Till then, I am
busy digging my own gold in my own life.
And a man that has gold to dig, he would
not be scared of you digging his gold
because he knows, hey, this is the woman
I want to spend my life with. This is
the woman I want to have children with.
Let her dig my gold. This is our gold.
He understands your money is your money
and his money is also your money. He
understands happy wife, happy life. He
understands the better he is leading the
relationship. The more he's stepping up
as a man, the more safety he creates,
the more stability he creates in the
relationship and in your life together,
the more soft you are, the more feminine
you are, the more you can give him from
your energy. And I find it always so
funny when men are being offended
because you don't have enough time for
them. Yeah. Because you are working on
your own money. You are working on your
own business. You are not available to a
man that doesn't take off weight off
your shoulder. So you have more time for
him. Men need to understand that you
cannot pause your life for him when he
is not even proving that he's going to
take care of you in better and worse
times. He doesn't let you fall. He
doesn't leave you alone when things get
hard. And sometimes we need to be very
honest and very transparent and very
clear with ourselves.
Even though we might have emotions, even
though we might like this man, we see
the potential in the man. We see the
rosy dozy flowers and we have our pink
glasses on, we need to also see what's
actually happening in front of our eyes.
If a man above 30 has not yet found a
way to make his own money, has not yet
found a way to be successful, to have
safety and stability in his own life,
stay far away from him, stay far, far
away from him. And honestly, I have been
through so many relationships where I
have done that. I have wasted so many
years of my beautiful precious lifetime
of my valuable time with men that simply
were incapable of doing so. They were
incapable of being successful. They were
incapable of stepping up as a man for
me. Maybe I was not the right person for
them. Maybe they were not capable. I
don't mind and I don't care what was the
reason. I know that I was looking away.
I didn't want to see the truth because I
saw the potential and the potential made
me only lose my time. Made me waste my
time and my energy and my youth on men
that were not worth it. I wish I knew
sooner that princess treatment is not
princess treatment. It's actually the
baseline. It's the bare minimum because
without princess treatment, you cannot
be a woman. You cannot be soft and
feminine with a man that doesn't
provide. It's impossible. And the only
thing that will happen is that you
create resentment and you will start to
hate this man for not showing up as a
man while he is starting to resent you
because you're not showing up as the
soft woman that he wants you to be. It's
a recipe for failure and I want to
protect you from more failure. I want to
prevent you doing the same mistakes as I
did. Again, princess treatment isn't
some perk, isn't some special, isn't
some bonus. It's the baseline. And if a
man can't meet you there, he's not for
you. Do not entertain him. Do not give
him second chances. Do not give him your
time or energy. remove your energy and
protect your most valuable asset in your
life, which is your time. This man is
either not ready to step up into his
masculinity, or he's just not your man.
Maybe you are not the right person for
him and he's not the right person for
you. Either way, do not lower your
standards. Either way, do not give away
your time as it was nothing. You need to
always imagine your time like currency
and money. And the same way these type
of men would never just spend money to
make you feel good, to make you feel
safe, to make you feel taken care of.
That exact same way you need to treat
your time. You don't spend your time on
some men that do not want to step up
into this masculinity. If a man is
asking you out on a coffee date and you
say, "We can meet for a coffee as
friends and he is not immediately
stepping up and saying, "Let's go for
dinner instead. I'm booking the
restaurant and picking you up at 8."
Then forget about this man. He's not
ready or he's not your man. Always
remember, a man that only wants to take
is a man without resources. And a man
without resources is useless. Anyways
guys, I hope this could help. I hope you
understand now how valuable you are as a
woman. And do not get me wrong, there
are great men out there. I'm not a man
hater. I actually love and appreciate
men a lot. But only the ones who are
ready to step up in their masculinity. I
despise toxic men. I despise men who are
projecting their shadows, their
incapabilities onto a woman and make it
her responsibility. I despise men who
are taking advantage of women and
treating them badly. The other ones are
great. Thank you so so much for
watching. I love you so much and I see
you in my next video. Bye-bye.